More control on typed holes (for navigation) (#1516)
ocaml/ocaml-lsp: ocaml-lsp-server/docs/ocamllsp/jumpTypedHoles-spec.md

# Jump To Typed Holes Requet

### Description

> Returns the next or previous typed hole at a given position (included
> in a range or not).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns the next or previous typed hole at a given position. An optional
range can be used to restrict the search.
```
